The President:
In just two weeks, we'll
come together, as a nation,
to mark the 10th anniversary
of the September 11th attacks.
We'll remember the
innocent lives we lost.
We'll stand with the
families who loved them.
We'll honor the heroic first
responders who rushed to the
scene and saved so many.
And we'll pay tribute to our
troops and military families,
and all those who have served
over the past ten years,
to keep us safe and strong.
We'll also recall how the worst
terrorist attack in American
history brought out the
best in the American people.
How Americans lined
up to give blood.
How volunteers drove across
the country to lend a hand.
How schoolchildren
donated their savings.
How communities, faith groups
and businesses collected food
and clothing.
We were united, and the
outpouring of generosity and
compassion reminded us
that in times of challenge,
we Americans move forward
together, as one people.
This September 11th,
Michelle and I will join the
commemorations at Ground
Zero, in Shanksville,
and at the Pentagon.
But even if you can't be in New
York, Pennsylvania or Virginia,
every American can be
part of this anniversary.
Once again, 9/11 will be
a National Day of Service
and Remembrance.
And in the days and weeks ahead,
folks across the country --
in all 50 states --
will come together,
in their communities
and neighborhoods,
to honor the victims of 9/11 and
to reaffirm the strength of our
nation with acts of
service and charity.
In Minneapolis, volunteers will
help restore a community center.
In Winston-Salem,
North Carolina,
they'll hammer shingles and
lay floors to give a family
a new home.
In Tallahassee, Florida, they'll
assemble care packages for our
troops overseas and their
families here at home.
In Orange County, California,
they'll renovate homes for
our veterans.
And once again, Michelle and I
look forward to joining a local
service project as well.
There are so many
ways to get involved,
and every American
can do something.
To learn more about the
opportunities where you live,
just go online and
visit Serve.gov.
Even the smallest
act of service,
the simplest act of kindness, is
a way to honor those we lost;
a way to reclaim that spirit
of unity that followed 9/11.
On this 10th anniversary, we
still face great challenges as
a nation.
We're emerging from the
worst economic crisis in
our lifetimes.
We're taking the
fight to al Qaeda,
and ending the war in Iraq and
starting to bring our troops
home from Afghanistan.
And we're working to rebuild
the foundation of our national
strength here at home.
None of this will be easy.
And it can't be the work
of government alone.
As we saw after 9/11, the
strength of America has always
been the character and
compassion of our people.
So as we mark this
solemn anniversary,
let's summon that
spirit once more.
And let's show that the sense of
common purpose that we need in
America doesn't have to
be a fleeting moment;
it can be a lasting virtue
-- not just on one day,
but every day.